# PUI2016_wbx200
#Assignment 1
#For Assignment 1, I followed the instructions provided by Professor Bianco and received a LOT of assistance from Kelsey, Alexey, Chris, Shay, and Matt.  I attended the Tuesday morning session of PUI on 9/20/2016, and received guidance from Alexey, Chris, and Shay afterwards.  Kelsey, Matt, and I kept up via email correspondence.  They were the "teachers" and I was the willing coding student.
#After receiving the MTA API key, I incorporated it as one of two system arguments into the Python Script (the second being the bus line input).  I pulled the data off the URL, loaded it as a JSON file, and sorted through the various dictionaries until I received the latitude/longitude data required.  From here, I incorporated a for-loop with "position" as a function that took me to a general point in the nested dictionaries, followed by the specific addresses that the latitude and longitude coordinates were associated to. I used the bus line input system argument as the basis for the Bus Line title, and specified the Number of Active Buses through the length of the position function for-loop iteration. 
#For Assignment 2, I carried over much of the code from Assignment 1, but expanded on it with the additional stop name and status information in the for loop.  I included "try/except KeyError, leading to N/A" to incorporate the N/A comments in place of blanks for stop name/status data.  For how to output to a .csv file, I used the code from the following link (http://michelleminkoff.com/2011/02/01/making-the-structured-usable-transform-json-into-a-csv/) that Kelsey had found.  I added an additional system argument for this code, in the format "Bus Line.csv."  To iterate the list of information in the .csv file, I created a new for-loop which iterated through the Position function again, but this time appending to each row the requisite information.
